Add reverse http cache docs (#146)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/infrastructure/reverse-http-cache.md

# Reverse Http Cache

> A reverse http cache is a cache server placed before the web shop. If you are not familar with http caching, please see our [http cache concept](../../../concepts/framework/http_cache.md). The reverse http cache needs following capabilities to fully functional with Shopware:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reverse http cache is a cache server placed before the web shop. If you are not familar with http caching, please see our [http cache concept](../../../concepts/framework/http_cache.md). The reverse http cache needs the following capabilities to fully function with Shopware:
```

- Able to differentiate the reqeuest with multiple cookies
- Allow clearing the cache using a web request for a specific site or with `/` for all pages

Next we will use Varnish as example for an http cache.

### The example Setup with Varnish

![](../../../.gitbook/assets/reverse_proxy_setup.svg)

As first we need to activate the reverse proxy support in Shopware. To enable it we need to create a new file in `config/packages/storefront.yaml`
```yaml
storefront:
    csrf:
        enabled: true
        # The internal Shopware http cache replaces the csrf token on the fly. This can't be done in Reverse proxy. So we use ajax to get an csrf token
        mode: ajax
    reverse_proxy:
        enabled: true
        ban_method: "BAN"
        # This needs to point to your varnish hosts
        hosts: [ "http://varnish" ]
        # Max parallel invalidations at same time for a single worker
        max_parallel_invalidations: 3
        # Redis Storage for the http cache tags
        redis_url: "redis://redis" 
```

> also set `SHOPWARE_HTTP_CACHE_ENABLED=1` in `.env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also set `SHOPWARE_HTTP_CACHE_ENABLED=1` in your `.env` file.
```

> As Shopware is now prepared to work with an reverse proxy. We need to configure our Varnish too with Shopware specific configuration. Below can you find an example Varnish configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Shopware is now prepared to work with a reverse proxy, we need to configure our Varnish too using a Shopware specific configuration. Below you can find an example Varnish configuration.
```

```vcl
vcl 4.0;

import std;

> # You should specificy here all your app nodes and use round rubin to select a backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# You should specificy here all your app nodes and use round robin to select a backend
```

        beresp.http.Cache-Control ~ "private"
    ) {
        set beresp.ttl = 0s;
        set beresp.http.X-Cacheable = "NO:Cache-Control=private";
        set beresp.uncacheable = true;
        return (deliver);
    }

    # strip the cookie before the image is inserted into cache.
    if (bereq.url ~ "\.(png|gif|jpg|swf|css|js|webp)$") {
        unset beresp.http.set-cookie;
    }

    # Allow items to be stale if needed.
    set beresp.grace = 6h;

    # Save the bereq.url so bans work efficiently
    set beresp.http.x-url = bereq.url;
    set beresp.http.X-Cacheable = "YES";

    return (deliver);
}

sub vcl_deliver {
    ## we don't want the client to cache
    set resp.http.Cache-Control = "max-age=0, private";
    
    # remove link header, if session is already started to save client resources
    if (req.http.cookie ~ "session-") {
        unset resp.http.Link;
    }

    # Set a cache header to allow us to inspect the response headers during testing
    if (obj.hits > 0) {
        unset resp.http.set-cookie;
        set resp.http.X-Cache = "HIT";
    }  else {
        set resp.http.X-Cache = "MISS";
    }

    set resp.http.X-Cache-Hits = obj.hits;
}
```

> To verify anything works you can see in the http response a new response header `X-Cache`. It shows us was it an cache hit or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify if it works, you can look for a new response header `X-Cache` in the http response. It shows you if it was a cache hit or miss.
```
